PYSPARK DATE FUNCTION
----------------------------------------------------------
current_date()	Returns the current date as a DateType object. This function does not take any arguments and simply returns the current date based on the system clock where the PySpark application is running.

date_format()	It is used to format a date or timestamp column in a DataFrame to a specified date or time format pattern.

to_date()	It converts a string column representing a date or timestamp into a date type column in a DataFrame

add_months()	It is used to add or subtract a specified number of months to a date or timestamp column in a DataFrame. It takes two arguments: the column representing the date or timestamp, and the number of months to add or subtract.


date_add() is used to add a specified number of days to a date column

date_sub() is used to subtract a specified number of days from a date column

datediff(end, start)	It is used to calculate the difference in days between two date columns in a DataFrame. It takes two arguments: the two date columns to calculate the difference between.

months_between(end, start)	It is used to calculate the difference in months between two date or timestamp columns in a DataFrame. It takes two arguments: the two date or timestamp columns to calculate the difference between them.
If both inputs share the same day of the month or are both the last day of their respective months, a whole number is returned. Otherwise, the difference is computed under the assumption of 31 days per month.

months_between(end, start, roundOff)	The result is rounded off to 8 digits when `roundOff` is set to true, it is not rounded otherwise.
next_day(column, dayOfWeek)	It is used to find the first occurrence of a specified day of the week that comes after a given date. It takes two arguments, the date column representing the reference date, and the day of the week specified as a string (e.g., ‘Monday’, ‘Tuesday’, etc.).

year(column)	Returns the year from a given date or timestamp.

quarter(column)	Returns the quarter as an integer from a given date or timestamp.

month(column)	Returns the month as an integer from a given date or timestamp

dayofweek(column)	Extract the day of the week from a date or timestamp column in a DataFrame. Monday is represented by 1, Tuesday by 2, and so on until Sunday, which is represented by 7.

dayofmonth(column)	Extracts the day of the month from a given date or timestamp.

dayofyear(column)	Extracts the day of the year from a given date or timestamp.

weekofyear(column)	Extract the week number from a date or timestamp column in a DataFrame.

last_day(column)	Return the last day of the month for a given date or timestamp column.The result is a date column where each date corresponds to the last day of the month for the original dates in the specified column.

from_unixtime(column)	Convert a Unix timestamp (represented as the number of seconds since the Unix epoch) to a timestamp column

unix_timestamp()	It is used to convert a string representing a date or timestamp to a Unix timestamp (i.e., the number of seconds since the Unix epoch). It takes two arguments: the column containing the string representation of the date or timestamp, and the format string specifying the format of the input string.